README.MD, before:

Robotic Beverage Technologies Inc Baristo Kiosk Software 

Author: Blaze Sanders Email: founders@robobev.com Skype: blaze.sanders Twitter: @BlazeDSanders

Baristo kiosks are self-contained autonomous cashless coffee kiosks, with a prepaid coffee  cup and smartphone app. Check out https://www.robobev.com for more details in the coming months.

This Git repo holds code for multiple CPUs that reside inside the Baristo Kiosk. It's broken down into the following five directories (***JAVA_Code, PLC_Code, SPIN_Code***). All three CPU must be running for Baristo kiosk to be fully functional and serve coffee. We look forward to community support to help push beverage robotics to the next level.

***

JAVA_Code: Highest level code which was designed to run on a Raspberry Pi 3 B+, NVIVIDA TX2, and/or a Microsoft Surface Book 2016. With the help of the JAVA Virtual Machine other platforms will be supported in the future or may work now with a little hardware reconfiguration. Yes we selected JAVA beacuse its a coffee robot :)

@link https://www.raspberrypi.org/products/raspberry-pi-3-model-b/

@link https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/surface/devices/surface-book/overview 

@link https://developer.nvidia.com/embedded/buy/jetson-tx2

@link https://www.ics.com/blog/getting-started-mraa-raspberry-pi

@link https://github.com/horst3180/arc-theme/issues/63

@link https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/p/ubuntu/9nblggh4msv6?rtc=1

Ubuntu on Windows allows one to use Ubuntu Terminal and run Ubuntu command line utilities including bas, ssh, git, apt-get, etc
Location of Ubuntu home directoty on the Windows file system
C:\Users\"user name"\AppData\Local\Packages\CanonicalGroupLimited.UbuntuonWindows_79rhkp1fndgsc\LocalS$

checking for pcre-config... no
configure: error: in `/home/pi/Documents/IoT/swig':
configure: error: 
        Cannot find pcre-config script from PCRE (Perl Compatible Regular Expressions)
        library package. This dependency is needed for configure to complete,
        Either:
        - Install the PCRE developer package on your system (preferred approach).
        - Download the PCRE source tarball, build and install on your system
          as you would for any package built from source distribution.
        - Use the Tools/pcre-build.sh script to build PCRE just for SWIG to statically
          link against. Run 'Tools/pcre-build.sh --help' for instructions.
          (quite easy and does not require privileges to install PCRE on your system)
        - Use configure --without-pcre to disable regular expressions support in SWIG
          (not recommended).

javac -cp ~/Documents/IoT/mraa/build/src/java/mraa.jar:. Example.java


To run the code in JAVA_Code directory complete the following steps:
1. In a Linux or Ubuntu on Windows terminal, run the command "javac Baristo.java" to compile all JAVA code (Need help? https://goo.gl/aED8Dw)
2. Next run the command "java Baristo" to start kiosk JAVA software running.  
3. Enter ternimal input as prompted from the EngineeringTerminal Class and have fun.

***

PLC_Code: 

@link  http://velocio.net/embedded-plcs/

To run the code in PLC_Code directory complete the following steps:
1. Download and open the Velocio vBuilder application.
2. File > Open (Ctrl+O) the Baristo.vio file.
3. Tool > Program to File (??) to program the PLC.
4. Press the green RUN button (F5) to start kiosk PLC software running.

***

SPIN_Code: 

@link https://www.parallax.com/product/32810

To run the code in SPIN_Code directory complete the following steps:
1. Download and open the Parallax Propeller Tool / IDE.
2. File > Open (Ctrl+O) the Baristo.SPIN file
3. Run > Compile Current > Load EEPROM (F11) to programm EEPROM and start kiosk SPIN software running.

Commit message:

Added Google JAVA coding standard

README.MD, after:

Robotic Beverage Technologies Inc Baristo Kiosk Software 

Author: Blaze Sanders Email: founders@robobev.com Skype: blaze.sanders Twitter: @BlazeDSanders

Baristo kiosks are self-contained autonomous cashless coffee kiosks, with a prepaid coffee  cup and smartphone app. Check out https://www.robobev.com for more details in the coming months.

This Git repo holds code for multiple CPUs that reside inside the Baristo Kiosk. It's broken down into the following five directories (***JAVA_Code, PLC_Code, SPIN_Code***). All three CPU must be running for Baristo kiosk to be fully functional and serve coffee. Please use https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html as the coding standard :)

***

JAVA_Code: Highest level code which was designed to run on a Raspberry Pi 3 B+, NVIVIDA TX2, and/or a Microsoft Surface Book 2016. With the help of the JAVA Virtual Machine other platforms will be supported in the future or may work now with a little hardware reconfiguration. Yes we selected JAVA beacuse its a coffee robot :)

@link https://www.raspberrypi.org/products/raspberry-pi-3-model-b/

@link https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/surface/devices/surface-book/overview 

@link https://developer.nvidia.com/embedded/buy/jetson-tx2

@link https://www.ics.com/blog/getting-started-mraa-raspberry-pi

@link https://github.com/horst3180/arc-theme/issues/63

@link https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/p/ubuntu/9nblggh4msv6?rtc=1

Ubuntu on Windows allows one to use Ubuntu Terminal and run Ubuntu command line utilities including bas, ssh, git, apt-get, etc
Location of Ubuntu home directoty on the Windows file system
C:\Users\"user name"\AppData\Local\Packages\CanonicalGroupLimited.UbuntuonWindows_79rhkp1fndgsc\LocalS$

checking for pcre-config... no
configure: error: in `/home/pi/Documents/IoT/swig':
configure: error: 
        Cannot find pcre-config script from PCRE (Perl Compatible Regular Expressions)
        library package. This dependency is needed for configure to complete,
        Either:
        - Install the PCRE developer package on your system (preferred approach).
        - Download the PCRE source tarball, build and install on your system
          as you would for any package built from source distribution.
        - Use the Tools/pcre-build.sh script to build PCRE just for SWIG to statically
          link against. Run 'Tools/pcre-build.sh --help' for instructions.
          (quite easy and does not require privileges to install PCRE on your system)
        - Use configure --without-pcre to disable regular expressions support in SWIG
          (not recommended).

javac -cp ~/Documents/IoT/mraa/build/src/java/mraa.jar:. Example.java


To run the code in JAVA_Code directory complete the following steps:
1. In a Linux or Ubuntu on Windows terminal, run the command "javac Baristo.java" to compile all JAVA code (Need help? https://goo.gl/aED8Dw)
2. Next run the command "java Baristo" to start kiosk JAVA software running.  
3. Enter ternimal input as prompted from the EngineeringTerminal Class and have fun.

***

PLC_Code: 

@link  http://velocio.net/embedded-plcs/

To run the code in PLC_Code directory complete the following steps:
1. Download and open the Velocio vBuilder application.
2. File > Open (Ctrl+O) the Baristo.vio file.
3. Tool > Program to File (??) to program the PLC.
4. Press the green RUN button (F5) to start kiosk PLC software running.

***

SPIN_Code: 

@link https://www.parallax.com/product/32810

To run the code in SPIN_Code directory complete the following steps:
1. Download and open the Parallax Propeller Tool / IDE.
2. File > Open (Ctrl+O) the Baristo.SPIN file
3. Run > Compile Current > Load EEPROM (F11) to programm EEPROM and start kiosk SPIN software running.
